and that appears to be going okay so
welcome everyone to the ipfs All Hands
call for July 16th 2018
we've got a small agenda today but it
looks like we can't kick it off because
Matt appears to be busy with another
call
w if you would like to take that over
you can go ahead with that yeah
absolutely so I thank you all for coming
I'm sure everyone as their inbox is
pretty full with all the follow-ups from
last week the developer meetings were a
great success thank you all to the ones
that have a chance to be present thank
you to everyone that I contributed
through get out or remotely to a or C it
was a lot of fun we got a lot of stuff
done just to give you an idea for like
special for the people that didn't get
to be there last week we add like around
65 people gather in one location
very unusual for this distributed
project but we gather everyone in one
location and for five days three days
for the past two days probably
peer-to-peer we have many sessions from
deep types where people were I had to
face like a challenge with an open
problem something that we are still
thinking through on IP personal and
something that we know we want to do but
we don't really at the path and so
people will gather in groups from two to
four and really think through that
problem and I come up with some
solutions other things also a very
popular session was the poster session
where people would get a topic and
working pairs or trios and really dive
deep into the topic learn a lot about a
topic and a topic here it's something
about the IP fest so we peer-to-peer
stack something that you might be very
familiar or might not be familiar at all
and by diving deep and learning about it
you start knowing where the information
about a specific part of the stack
exists and then you'd like people
created a poster to present that
information to other people making like
a material that is very easy to assume
that can be reused later for our
documentation for newcomers etc we are
still in the process of basic
and you can see right I see right now
some people already likes a meaningful
request with notes from last week's
discussions but there is so much stuff
like there was probably over at 50
different sessions more than like 40 to
45 things cast overall 200 might
encounter so like there was lighting
doubts like people will have demos still
Christmas if you don't watch my each day
and yeah we will publish our recordings
they are now being edited some might
come out as early as next week or even
not this week
oh yeah we are publishing notes some
people are converting some of the
discussions into actual specs props to
everyone at our entire network it's very
exciting and yeah another thing that got
announced during this event or was
already announced before but like we
just gave it a little bit more emphasis
is that we are going to have another
event for the IBPS community this year
yeah give Escom November yeah
it's going to happen in November we'll
announce the exact days later this month
but it will be November in Lisbon so
just make sure to organize your travel
schedule if you want to be an a/b test
account plan to be around Europe or
close to Europe or in Lisbon in November
and yeah we will have like just a micron
document that outlines everything it
happened from all of the poster sessions
to the hack time to the word package
units - like what for the session
formats the deep dives to the line it
out so that people can like find it very
quickly through this index
hopefully we will have that next week
for you all and as Alex gets published
as the videos get released we'll update
it - with the links to the videos and
yeah ok it was again super exciting
super like an energizing because
everyone was so engaged with the
problems that we out there and with the
discussions and I love the ability to
like just contacts which every 10
minutes I just kept on partnered with
questions and and more ideas and like
very quickly gently doing you and
your realm about the FS and always I'd
like super productive discussions so
thank you everyone if people have liked
more comments if you like I have here
like as part of the advice please be my
guest go for it anything like particular
that I didn't mention here that you like
think that world to know right now okay
I can say one more thing given that we
have poster sessions eventually we will
announce the best poster award we still
don't know what is a prize but very
important more even more importantly the
best poster award because we tend to
have a lot of bike sheds we are going to
have a best bike shadow war art as well
and we already have a strong contestant
we actually here we think it was like a
discussion at one we just have to find a
place where they can like make a tiny
bike share that's like you can click a
button and switch the color and that
should be like the trophy alright
nothing were to add that other than the
event was fantastic so with all that out
of the way let's move on to page 32
migration with Lydell it's just very
very quick plug the plug is that there's
a dedicated metal issue for migrating to
base 42 with all the background and if
you are working on by 32 and got an
issue or enhancements related to that
please refer this matter issue so we
have a very nice list of ongoing work
below that and that's that's all that's
just a quick PSA
I love their logo we should have a logo
for all of our endeavors pink agate huh
yeah all right so - we've got no
comments no questions on that one Johnny
I guess there's a segue now okay go
ahead
J how it just what's the plan for
submitting that so I guess the impetus
is the is really URL identifiers that
are case insensitive and so this really
has to do with submission for IETF so to
get ipfs colon slash slash so I followed
the logic at the meeting but I was just
wondering more of the the rationale and
that path to the why we need days 32 and
actually was that that trajectory for
standards so basically if the idea is
that first we need to move to by 32 so
that people have the same like default
hash everywhere we need to especially 32
in the authority part of URLs to have a
proper security parameter and when we
have that working we can start creating
integrations that are required like we
need to demonstrate it's actually you
used somewhere and we will have like
probably the first integration will be
native protocol handler in Firefox
nightly and when we have that we have a
clear demonstration that this protocol
is alive there's actual need for that
and then we can like start this formal
path within a standardization bodies to
do that but first like generally most of
them require actual not only proof of
content but like approval from
third-party organization or at one of
like mainstream browsers to adopt the
for like the new protocol and convention
before
even start like talking about starting
standardization process so that's my
quick over all right so it looks like
the only thing we have left is a very
exciting demo from Ellen
oh well that was quick okay so demo
I was just hacking over the weekend so
this is not complete in any way but this
is just something that I was doing to
kind of push it forward a little bit
the the I guess the thing about basic 42
is that there's gonna be a lot of work
on it making it the default but it would
be rad if you could use IPs now stuff
ipfs and just be able to get a base 32
cid back you can always specify cid
version and then convert it yourself but
that's a bit of pain so this illness
does is basically I've kind of hacked
jeaious IP FST's you if you give it a
flag like Co debase then the base of the
CID that you get back when it's printed
to screen stringify is gonna be whatever
you pass to it so I should probably just
stop talking and show you my screen you
do a colon has an ice cream van answer
um so this is just because it doesn't
work properly we've got I'm just passing
to ipfs add my gift folder in my Dropbox
which has loads of cool gifts in it and
I've added this new flag called CID base
and I'm setting it to base ready to so I
can set this to whatever base is like
supported by multi base so yeah it could
be like base 2 or you know basic 16
whatever but this will allow us to
output base Verta to see IDs and the
moment I have to specify not to pin it
because it blows up if I do I'm supposed
to specify no row leaves because if I do
and also recursive is a thing that you
have to add to get it to add everything
in a folder so hopefully if I just hit
this then it should jog away and add all
of my gifts to my ipfs
should get some baffi FEC IDs back and
so if I copy one of those I shouldn't be
able to go over to the CIA inspector
paste it in and see that this was
actually encode is basically to CID live
rat and that's kind of it I should also
say that when we're aware of it
I can also should also be able to do it
I shouldn't say we have to do no source
cat with that CID and so this will try
and print some gif data to my terminal
but yeah that works too I think if that
looks like a gift to you then that's all
good so that's that's about it for me if
anyone has any questions but like I said
this is super hacky I'm super early but
it will allow us to use base foot or add
base vetting to CID or get back face
versus two encoded Co DS from an IP FS
ad and actually use them in the browser
as our origin without the browser
complaining about that so that's it
it was super fast it's it's step one of
many step you can do it and get it back
so that's nice
did you try to press for it did I try
what transfer between multiple notes
between nodes
yeah no I'm not yet I have no nesting I
just got it working and I was very
excited so if what I would show it up to
everybody and see what kind of criticism
I get first like if you like so I made
up a command flag called CID base if you
feel that that name is wrong in any way
or feel this should be done in a
different way or something like that
then I would like to hear about it there
is an issue on github in jeaious ipfs
for becoming CID v1 and base vegetable
default so I guess no more bike sheds
everybody but your your comments will be
gratefully received there thank you good
stuff
alright so when you just double check
the agenda make sure no one snuck
anything in here looks like we're good
if anyone has any questions or comments
now would be the time to voice them
going once going twice
alright it looks like everything's good
so that was a successful meeting yeah I
don't know I'm a little sick so I'm out
of it so we're gonna end this harsh like
that and say that uh I look forward to
seeing you all next week
buh-bye oh go ahead
hey come on this year so for those that
are that were unable to attend the get
together where if anywhere can I find
some notes or videos from the
from everyone gathering
so hi come office we walked through that
in the beginning of the call but I can
give you a summary essentially we have
the reposed developer meetings both
personally pure pure people are already
like submitting for requests and like
putting links to notes some some of
those notes I've been converted to specs
and also we want to have a markdown
document that unwinds all of the things
that were discussed all the sessions and
that's like also points to the the
recordings of the mining talks the
sessions etc the poster presentations
and so on if there is like I believe
like you probably have a set of topics
that you are specially interested if you
wanted to go to the IPS developer
meetings although he appeared on Linux
and open an issue we don't want that you
are specially interested then we can
just point you there I'll get to those
so that you don't have to wait for that
full polished release to come out cool
beautiful things so it's no problem
okay for real this time
I think we're ending it bye everybody